---
  layout: post
  title: Chillbo Baggins Inflatable Lounger Hangout Sofa! Inflatable Couch is perfect for Indoor or Outdoor Hangout or Inflatable Lounge Air Chair for Camping Picnics & Music Festivals
  featured: true
  author: 
  tags: [sports, outdoors]
  image: '/images/posts/2017_11/71asnV4ecaL._SL1280_.png'
  prdlink: 'https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0716LYZ61/ref=as_li_qf_sp_asin_il_tl?ie=UTF8&tag=ehdwhqkr-20&camp=1789&creative=9325&linkCode=as2&creativeASIN=B0716LYZ61&linkId=093b6ca356bc01dd1adaff9ac294be22'

---

• FUNCTIONAL AND GOOD LOOKING Inflatable sofa available in your choice of 7 BADA$$ color combos. Elastic anchor loops let you stake down your inflatable lounge in windy conditions. Larger side pockets hold books, glasses, snacks and your ice cold beer.<br>
• EASY TO INFLATE DESIGN. No pump required. Just 2 scoops of air and this inflatable sofa will feel like a lounge cloud. Chillax with the perfect lay bag for chilling. Use it as a pool float or aqua lounge when swimming and replace that cumbersome inflatable pool chair hammock picnic blanket air sofa or air bed. Chillbo Baggins does it all. Woohoo!<br>
• FAST SHIPPING AND SATISFACTION PROMISED We are a US-based company with a commitment to happy customers. We ship in 2 days, not 4-6 weeks like some European and Chinese competitors. If you are dissatisfied in any way, return it for replacement or 100% refund no questions asked.<br>
• FLOATS ON WATER and is better than a foam pool float, pool lounger or inflatable raft so you can leisure up in aquatic fun. Work on your tan as you gently bob on the water on your new pool lounge float. Then take Chillbo Baggins back to dry land for the perfect toy for camping or music festivals.<br>
• RIPSTOP NYLON fabric is lightweight, portable for travel and durable. Chillbo Baggins air bag folds to 13” x 7” x 3.5” and fits in its own carrying bag with shoulder strap. Compression sack blow up chair supports up to 400 lbs when inflated, yet weighs just 3 lbs. GET YOURS TODAY. CLICK ADD TO CART.<br>

