---
  layout: post
  title: Fujifilm Instax Mini 8 Instant Film Camera
  featured: true
  author: 
  tags: [camera]
  image: '/images/posts/2017_11/81G4EQWaxpL._SL1500_.png'
  prdlink: 'https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00AWKJPPY/ref=as_li_qf_sp_asin_il_tl?ie=UTF8&tag=ehdwhqkr-20&camp=1789&creative=9325&linkCode=as2&creativeASIN=B00AWKJPPY&linkId=8854d8477f03c71614162861d5e1deea'

---

The Fujifilm Instax Mini 8 Instant Film Camera (White) is a compact instant film camera that uses the Fujifilm Instax Mini type film to produce instant credit card-sized prints. The Fujifilm Instax Mini 8 features a Fujinon 60mm lens that is capable of focusing close to 2 ft. Its built-in flash provides additional light for exposures especially working in low-light conditions. The automatic exposure control ensures consistently accurate exposures in a variety of lighting conditions. The Fujifilm Instax Mini 8 uses two AA batteries as its power source.Features: Brightness adjustment dial:The Fujifilm Instax Mini 8 automatically determines the best brightness for taking a picture and informs you of the suitable setting by lighting the corresponding lamp. Turn the brightness adjustment dial to the position (mark) of the lit lamp.You can take a high-key photo easily: Setting the brightness adjustment dial to the high-key mode mark allows you to take pictures with a softer impression.Accepts Fujifilm Instax Instant FilmProduces Credit Card-Sized PrintsFujinon 60mm f/12.7 LensOptical 0.37x Real Image ViewfinderAuto Exposure with Manual SwitchingBuilt-In FlashAA Battery Power
<br>

• New slimmer and lighter body<br>
• Works with Fuji INSTAX Film and performs best with Polaroid AA batteries<br>
• Automatic exposure measurement. The camera signals the recommended aperture setting with a flashing LED. This helps capture the perfect photo every time.<br>
• New High-Key mode - Take brighter pictures with a soft look - perfect for portraits.<br>
• New improved viewfinder for greater clarity and visibility.<br>