---
  layout: post
  title: Puredown U Shaped Maternity/Pregnancy Body Pillow with Zippered Cover
  featured: true
  author: 
  tags: [home, kitchen]
  image: '/images/posts/2017_11/61bxqNhCtQL._SL1001_.jpg'
  prdlink: 'https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01HM56LZS/ref=as_li_qf_sp_asin_il_tl?ie=UTF8&tag=ehdwhqkr-20&camp=1789&creative=9325&linkCode=as2&creativeASIN=B01HM56LZS&linkId=404ccd98efce04b71f57453fb9f3dd38'

---

Women who are pregnant can finally get a great night by sleep with our U Shaped- Premium Body Pregnancy Pillow. Pregnant women who struggle to find a comfortable position will love this pillow.
<br>
The U Shaped Premium Contoured Body Pillow provides support for the back and belly at the same time. This pillow has two contoured "legs" allowing you to sleep on your back or either side. The pillow can also be tucked between your knees, used to elevate your head, and align your hips to help relieve strain on joints.
<br>

• ERGONOMICAL DESIGN - The Puredown Maternity Pregnancy Body Pillow adjustable U-shaped maternity pillow is designed to fit to the natural contours of pregnant woman’s body to relieve sleeping pains and discomfort.<br>
• MULTI - FUNCTIONAL PILLOW - This maternity body pillow provides belly, arms, back support for breastfeeding, nursing, watching TV, and reading.<br>
• PREMIUM FILLING MATERIAL - High density and extra soft pillow with 100% Polyester peach skin fabric and 100% premium polyester filling; The product comes with item size of 32*56"(88oz) and item Weight of 7.41 lbs.<br>
• DETACHABLE PILLOWCASE - The pillowcase is designed with a zipper, in which you can easier to get changed and it is partial vacuum packed with a insert in a PVC bag<br>
• EASY CARE AND CLEAN - Simply take out the pillowcase and throw it into a standard washing machine and dryer, and the pillowcase is designed to be repeated-wash. Hang out the pillow inner in the sun to be fluffier.<br>