---
  layout: post
  title: Kindle Paperwhite E-reader - Black, 6" High-Resolution Display (300 ppi) with Built-in Light, Wi-Fi - Includes Special Offers
  featured: true
  author: 
  tags: [electronics]
  image: '/images/posts/2017_11/616y1qzHetL._SL1000_.jpg'
  prdlink: 'https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00OQVZDJM/ref=as_li_qf_sp_asin_il_tl?ie=UTF8&tag=ehdwhqkr-20&camp=1789&creative=9325&linkCode=as2&creativeASIN=B00OQVZDJM&linkId=8ec454f02ad1f468e3a7d055bc0359e1'

---

Every Kindle E-reader<br>
Reads like a book<br>
Flip through books while saving your place<br>
Page Flip makes it easy to find pictures, charts, maps and even your notes and highlights from different parts of a book. While you swipe to other pages or zoom out to see page thumbnails, Page Flip automatically saves the page you’re reading, pinning it to the side of your screen so you’ll never lose your place.<br>
<br>
Sharp, dark text<br>
Enjoy text that reads like the printed page. Our fonts, such as Bookerly, have been hand-tuned at the pixel level for maximum readability.<br>
<br>
Export and share notes<br>
It’s now easy to export notes and highlights from a book to your e-mail, so you can always have them on-hand for reference. Receive your notes both as an easily printable PDF that’s ready to bring to your book club, and as a simple file you can open in your favorite spreadsheet app.<br>
Read comfortably with one hand<br>
Lighter than a paperback, comfortably hold Kindle in one hand for those times when you can’t put the book down.<br>
<br>
Lose yourself in a book<br>
By design, Kindle is purpose-built for reading and creates a sanctuary so you can lose yourself in a book. Unlike tablets and phones, Kindle doesn’t distract you with social media, emails, and text messages<br>


• Now available in black or white<br>
• Higher resolution display (300 ppi) - with twice as many pixels<br>
• Built-in adjustable light - read day and night<br>
• No screen glare, even in bright sunlight, unlike tablets<br>
• A single battery charge lasts weeks, not hours<br>
• Massive selection, lowest prices - over a million titles $2.99 or less<br>
• Prime members read free with unlimited access to over a thousand titles<br>