---
  layout: post
  title: BedJet V2 Climate Control for Beds, Cooling Fan + Heating Air (Dual Temperature Zone - King Size)
  featured: true
  author: 
  tags: [home, kitchen]
  image: '/images/posts/2017_11/51pf-cyDzyL.jpg'
  prdlink: 'https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00TRFLWJW/ref=as_li_qf_sp_asin_il_tl?ie=UTF8&tag=ehdwhqkr-20&camp=1789&creative=9325&linkCode=as2&creativeASIN=B00TRFLWJW&linkId=57a7034d75ac9a7e9c1c8d45a115760c'

---

Find out why BedJet is the #1 recommended cooling & heating product for beds in America. 
<br>
Some like it hot. Some need it cool. Some just want to stay dry and others need different sleep temperatures than their partners. That's why everyone loves their BedJet! 
Using advanced technology the BedJet sends a gentle and quiet stream of air directly into your bed for powerful cooling and warming comfort. <br>

• BedJet cooling is awesome relief for stuffy bedrooms, hot sleepers, night sweats and hot flashes. Cooling mode power ventilates your bed, using room temperature air to wick out body heat and body moisture nearly instantly, is felt within 10 seconds. NOTE: BedJet is not an air conditioner and not a substitute for zero air conditioning in extreme heat (80 degree+) bedrooms. Room temp needs to be below 79 degrees for best cooling. <br>

• Forget bundling up with heavy pajamas for chilly winter beds and give your bedding that toasty hot sauna feeling in just seconds <br>

• Dual zone temperature control for independent cooling/warming of each half of the bed <br>

• No wires, no tubes, no electricity in the bed, no mattress pads to sleep on,no water to leak, lifetime washable air filter <br>

• Fits underneath any bed with 7” space, side rail clearance only needs to be 3.5”, adjustable bed approved <br>

• Amazon's current return policy (30 days) applies when purchased from Amazon <br>


• Start sleeping better tomorrow with on-demand cooling and heating comfort right in your own bed, works on any size bed including adjustable beds, simple and easy to use<br>
• Powered ventilation cooling instantly wicks body heat and moisture out of the bed for awesome cooling relief, great solution for hot sleepers, hot-flashes and night sweats<br>
• Heating mode gives a deep sauna like warmth in just seconds, great therapy for cold feet and cold legs, safer alternative to electric blankets and warms bed 15x faster with air<br>
• Dual zone temperature control gives independent cooling/warming to each half of the bed for each partner - stop fighting over the thermostat and sleep better together!<br>
• Includes 2 BedJet base units with 2 wireless remotes, 1 King AirComforter sheet plus free Bluetooth App for control from your iPhone, iPad or Android device. Amazon's current return policy (30 days) applies when purchased from Amazon.<br>