---
  layout: post
  title: Satechi Aluminum Type-C Pro Hub Adapter for 2016/2017 MacBook Pro 13” and 15” 40Gbs Thunderbolt 3, 4k HDMI, Pass-Through Charging, SD/Micro Card Reader and 2 USB 3.0 Ports
  featured: true
  author: 
  tags: [computers, accessories, hubs]
  image: '/images/posts/2017_11/81CR4INnlEL._SL1500_.jpg'
  prdlink: 'https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B06XRVX3XM/ref=as_li_qf_sp_asin_il_tl?ie=UTF8&tag=ehdwhqkr-20&camp=1789&creative=9325&linkCode=as2&creativeASIN=B06XRVX3XM&linkId=45b89e27fe3ec2fed7dcb6a23959f87e'

---

The Satechi Aluminum Pro Hub is the newest addition to our USB Type-C collection and the perfect companion for your 2016/2017 MacBook Pro. Sleek and compact, the Pro Hub Adapter features a Thunderbolt 3 port, USB-C port, 2 USB 3.0 ports, 4k HDMI, and a SD/Micro card reader. Simply, plug and play to expand your MacBook’s capabilities. Designed for the 2016/2017 MacBook Pro - compatible with both 13” and 15” models. <br>

Fast USB-C Connection
Thunderbolt 3 allows data transfer speeds of up to 40 Gb/s to download movies, move files and charge USB-C devices, even faster than before over Type-C connection. Please note the second USB-C port is for data transfer use only. The operating temperature is 86-122°F. <br>

Upgrade Your Ports
Your favorite TV shows are just an HDMI port away. Enjoy crystal clear video with our added 4k HDMI port for crisp, high-resolution output to your HDMI-enabled external monitor. Supports a direct HDMI to HDMI connection. <br>

Kept the Essentials
Don’t worry, your everyday ports are still here. Utilize the 2 USB 3.0 ports for extra data transfer and Micro/SD card reader for video and photo editing – on the go. <br>

Match Your MacBook 
Complement your Apple products with the Pro Hub’s brushed aluminum design for a sleek and modern feel. Available in Space Gray or Silver. <br>


• Designed for 2016 and 2017 MacBook Pro w/ Thunderbolt 3 port - including 13” and 15” MacBook Pro<br>
• Increase productivity w/ Pro Hub’s Thunderbolt 3 port, 4k HDMI (30Hz) video output, USB-C port, 2 USB 3.0 ports and SD/Micro Card Reader<br>
• Slim & compact - the compact and easy-to-use design makes it simple to take the Type-C USB Hub with you anywhere you go<br>
• Perfectly complements Apple accessories - brushed aluminum design available in Space Gray and Silver.<br>
• Plug & play - does not require any software, drivers or complicated installation process. For best connection, please use without a laptop case.<br>