---
  layout: post
  title: JavaPresse Manual Coffee Grinder, Conical Burr Mill, Brushed Stainless Steel
  featured: true
  author: 
  tags: [kitchen, dining, coffee-grinders]
  image: '/images/posts/2017_11/31OfOtErjNL.jpg'
  prdlink: 'https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B013R3Q7B2/ref=as_li_qf_sp_asin_il_tl?ie=UTF8&tag=ehdwhqkr-20&camp=1789&creative=9325&linkCode=as2&creativeASIN=B013R3Q7B2&linkId=0697907a01bccc59963630b6df00756f'

---

As seen on nbc, cbs, abc, and fox "extremely happy with my decision to buy " "very impressed with the design and quality" "one of the best options for any coffee drinker" "tempted to toss my metal power grinder and opt for this one full time" "my coffee tastes so much better " here are 6 major reasons to love javapresse's manual coffee grinder for 2-3 cups of joe: 1.) Quality tested multiple times - the ceramic burr part of our manual coffee grinder was researched vigorously against the competition to prove that it provides the best and most precise grind available. 2.) Take it anywhere - our manual coffee grinder is not only small enough to fit in a handbag, but can be taken apart to save space as you travel anywhere. Live your life, and we'll accommodate. 3.) Built for convenience - easy-to-clean, ergonomic, and built for any coffee maker in the world. We designed this with you in mind. 4.) Comprehensive guide included - comes with an all-inclusive guide to help you use your coffee grinder for any style or brand of coffee known to man. 6.) Loving customer service - specialty coffee is our lives. We cherish the bond between our customers and their coffee, and we make it our top priority to see you happy.
<br>

• Built-in adjustable grind selector with over 18 click settings ensures you have 100% precision control over the coarseness of your Pour Over, Drip, Chemex, Cold Brew, French Press, Percolator, AeroPress, Turkish, Espresso, Keurig K Cup, Herb, or Spice grind.<br>
• No batteries, power, or long plastic cords needed to operate your portable compact coffee grinder, allowing you to travel with and brew freshly roasted ground coffee beans on your next camping, hiking, backpacking, or outdoors trip.<br>
• Convenient removeable hand crank mechanism consistently eliminates over 90% of the noise that electric grinders produce. Imagine grinding your favorite java roast quietly in an office cubicle or in your kitchen when your loved ones are fast asleep.<br>
• Crafted with the same essence as traditional Japanese cookware, our ceramic combo burrs are design tested through three professional grade inspections to last 5x's longer than stainless steel blades.<br>
• What Our Amazon Customers Say: "Holy cow is this grinder awesome!" "The only slim coffee grinder for my home!" "Just purchased 3 more for family and friends" "Earns its 5 star ratings and reviews with ease!" "One of the best deals for any coffee lover" "Perfect coffee is back in my life!" 100% Money-Back Guarantee. Order today while supplies last.<br>