---
  layout: post
  title: Square Jellyfish Jelly Grip Tripod Mount with Jelly Long Legs for Smartphones -for all models of iPhone, Samsung, Google etc.
  featured: true
  author: 
  tags: [accessories, cell-phones]
  image: '/images/posts/2017_11/71FAX0NSStL._SL1200_.jpg'
  prdlink: 'https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01LYGH7XN/ref=as_li_qf_sp_asin_il_tl?ie=UTF8&tag=ehdwhqkr-20&camp=1789&creative=9325&linkCode=as2&creativeASIN=B01LYGH7XN&linkId=b446d661995d193c52283af7ff2b6f81'

---

We would like to introduce the newest tripod mount to the Square Jellyfish family of mounts. Unlike traditional tripod mounts on the market, we have moved the ball head from the bottom of the mount to the center of gravity of the phone. This patent pending design gives you the photographer amazing flexibility to position your phone to get the best picture, time lapse video, low light pictures and videos. You just move the phone to the position you want and you are ready to go. The adjustable ball joint tension holds the phone steady after you have positioned the phone. Although this version comes with the Jelly Long Legs, the mount can be used with any standard tripod.
<br>

• Jelly Grip Tripod Mount and Jelly Long Legs included in one set<br>
• The Ball Joint with resistance allows you to position the phone and it will hold the position. (There is no need to over tighten the nut, it should just be tight enough to hold the phone steady)<br>
• Extremely light weight, both the mount and the tripod weight just 2.6 ounces<br>
• Metal insert at the base of the mount works with all standard 1/4 x 20 tripod threads.<br>
• Lifetime Warranty – Just send us a picture of the problem and we will send you a replacement free of charge. Go to our website to find our contact information. Mount works with all smart phones on the market with or without a case - up to 3 5/8 inches wide.<br>