---
  layout: post
  title: Barsetto Portable Espresso Coffee Machine Tripresso Hand Pressure Mini Coffee Maker Fit for Coffee Capsules & Powder, Black Color
  featured: true
  author: 
  tags: [kitchen, dining, coffee-machines]
  image: '/images/posts/2017_11/615H0cNNzfL._SL1000_.jpg'
  prdlink: 'https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01NCNP3KZ/ref=as_li_qf_sp_asin_il_tl?ie=UTF8&tag=ehdwhqkr-20&camp=1789&creative=9325&linkCode=as2&creativeASIN=B01NCNP3KZ&linkId=44db204f9f262e0892ac866b277cb62c'

---

Barsetto Tripresso is the perfect portable coffee machine compatible with capsule and ground coffee. Manual control, convenient and environmental friendly design with new double extraction system. The streamlined body suite for home, office, travel, outdoor activities and anywhere, it is more convenient and fun for you to experience coffee.

Barsetto portable manual coffee maker, capable of making quality espresso, easy to use. Perfectly designed for the coffee lover, it can provide quality espresso anywhere. Just need max 80ml 90℃ hot water and 7g coffee powder or coffee capsule, offer a cup of quality espresso for you anywhere.

There is a cup cover under the coffee maker, so the coffee cup can be carried conveniently.

The coffee cup has double wall, which won't hurt your hands for the high temperature of the coffee.

Portable manual coffee maker is hand operated, no batteries, no electric power.

The portable coffee maker is easy to clean for its detachable design.

Suitable for on car, airport, office, hotel, outdoor and so on, the best gift at any time.


• Capsules & powder: The perfect 2in1 extraction system, compatible with Barsetto capsules and ground coffee.<br>
• Ready to go: Lightweight portable design-Insulation Cup. Only 1/5 weight of household coffee machine. Ultimate convenience for anywhere.<br>
• Easy to use：Just need max 80ml 90℃ hot water and 7g coffee powder or coffee capsule, offer a cup of quality espresso for you anywhere<br>
• Espresso in style: Barsetto was inspired from Italian Pisa tower to design attractive outlook of Tripresso. Brewing coffee become an enjoyment.<br>
• Safety & Enjoyment: hand operated with FDA approval, no batteries, no electric power. Suitable for using in car, airport, office, hotel, outdoor and so on.<br>