---
  layout: post
  title: Magisso Cake Server By Maria Kivijarvi, Perfect for Most Cakes, Pies, and Pastries, Stainless Steel
  featured: true
  author: 
  tags: [kitchen, dining]
  image: '/images/posts/2017_10/81SABjCEiLL._SL1500_.jpg'
  prdlink: 'https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002SYVQCC/ref=as_li_qf_sp_asin_il_tl?ie=UTF8&tag=ehdwhqkr-20&camp=1789&creative=9325&linkCode=as2&creativeASIN=B002SYVQCC&linkId=c5abecb00ddcb9fc5fb92a8e174b7caa'

---

The Magisso Cake Server is the perfect thing to have on your table for the holidays, parties, and any time you feel like having dessert. The one piece, sleek design gives your kitchen or dining room the look of modern sophistication. You can choose from stylish Stainless Steel Silver or a number of both fun and neutral colors for your home. Serving desserts, especially those with layers is a chore. Your cake almost always winds up on its side with the layers coming apart. Now you can keep the cake upright and intact with this perfect cake server. It holds the piece together while moving it to the plate so that gravity can’t ruin your evening. No more kids complaining that someone got a bigger piece than them and no more people eyeballing each other’s slice at the table. Now everyone gets the same size and shape cut of dessert. Not only does it keep everyone happy at the table, but it makes you look like a professional hostess and server. The Magisso is easier to use than traditional cake servers. It does the cutting and the serving all at once so you cut your hosting time in half. All you need to do is press the cake server through your dessert, squeeze it gently for lifting the piece onto the place. Place it on the plate and release slightly on the server to remove. It’s super simple! Package contains (1) Magisso Cake Server. Suitable for all cakes, and most pastries and other desserts. Dishwasher safe. Finnish designed. Designed for Magisso by Maria Kivijärvi. Available in five different colors.


• MAKE DESSERT PRESENTATION BEAUTIFUL: Serving desserts, especially those with layers is a chore. Your cake almost always winds up on its side with the layers coming apart. Now you can keep the cake upright and intact with this perfect cake server. It holds the piece together while moving it to the plate so that gravity can’t ruin your evening.<br>
• PERFECTLY UNIFORM CUTS: No more kids complaining that someone got a bigger piece than them and no more people eyeballing each other’s slice at the table. Now everyone gets the same size and shape cut of dessert. Not only does it keep everyone happy at the table, but it makes you look like a professional hostess and server.<br>
• EASY TO USE: The Magisso is easier to use than traditional cake servers. It does the cutting and the serving all at once so you cut your hosting time in half. All you need to do is press the cake server through your dessert, squeeze it gently for lifting the piece onto the place. Place it on the plate and release slightly on the server to remove. It’s super simple!<br>
• DO NOT BE FOOLED: Magisso’s Cake Cutter and Server is the only one of its kind. It has often been imitated for its sleek and modern design, but can never be completely replicated. Magisso constructs the original, only food grade quality cake server in this design on the market. Make sure your product is branded Magisso from authorized dealers for absolute customer satisfaction.<br>
• PRODUCT SPECIFICATIONS: Package contains (1) Magisso Cake Server. Suitable for all cakes, and most pastries and other desserts. Dishwasher safe. Finnish designed. Designed for Magisso by Maria Kivijärvi. Available in five different colors.<br>