---
  layout: post
  title: Kpblis All Seasons Soft Kintted Mermaid Blanket Tail for Kids and Adults 71-35-inches
  featured: true
  author: 
  tags: [kitchen, home]
  image: '/images/posts/2017_10/61SfnH4KxiL._SL1000_.jpg'
  prdlink: 'https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01KNL3YJY/ref=as_li_qf_sp_asin_il_tl?ie=UTF8&tag=ehdwhqkr-20&camp=1789&creative=9325&linkCode=as2&creativeASIN=B01KNL3YJY&linkId=cafbb21dd8e8e0e05946b714834d7a95'

---

Kpblis Mermaid Blanket is a perfect gift for any girl who has dreams of being a mermaid! Use Kpblis blanket in bed, on the couch, in the car, camping, dream of being a mermaid anywhere. Snuggle into it while watching TV, reading a book, playing tablet, having a nap and so on. Kpblis blanket can be used all the year round. Protecting the leg temperature has the role of preserve one's health.Accompany you day and night!

• Polyester<br>
• Poly/Cotton Blend - Kpblis mermaid tail blanket is made of poly/cotton blend material-Cozy knitting blanket, Eco-friendly and Skin-friendly for health.Suitable for All Seasons.Super soft and durable & lightweight. Bring you a skin-perfectly experience.<br>
• Mermaid Blanket Size: 71in x 31in. Perfect for adult use.BOTH THE BACK AND BOTTOM ARE OPEN. The opening design will more convenient for you to snuggle into blanket, and your feet can free move in the mermaid tail.<br>
• Amazon Customers Recommended as "Perfect First Mermaid Blanket!" Kpblis mermaid tail blanket is a perfect choice if you're considering a creative, soft, cozy, warm and high quality GIFT for Christmas, wedding, families, friends.<br>
• Please wash before use.Kpblis blanket are 100% crochet, please wash separately, hand wash better.<br>
• Small family owned and operated business gives you the best personal customer service. Add to cart and buy today!<br>