---
  layout: post
  title: Amco Avocado Slicer and Pitter 
  featured: true
  author: 
  tags: [kitchen, dining]
  image: '/images/posts/2017_10/61s3RMIOkCL._SL1306_.jpg'
  prdlink: 'https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001OQVOO0/ref=as_li_qf_sp_asin_il_tl?ie=UTF8&tag=ehdwhqkr-20&camp=1789&creative=9325&linkCode=as2&creativeASIN=B001OQVOO0&linkId=8b82a7fa726e1c4e704d2096f0c3fa30'

---

Amco Houseworks, an award-winning brand, has been making cooking and cleaning easier since the 1970s. It's a commitment that's earned it the love and respect of professional and home cooks around the world. Amco Houseworks creates quality, innovative, stylishly designed kitchen tools and accessories that help people enhance the quality of their cooking and entertaining. Amco Houseworks uses commercial grade stainless steel to craft its top quality kitchen utensils and accessories. We specialize in combining precision and performance to create stylishly designed premium kitchen tools. Our products are innovative, are intuitive and easy to use for the cooking enthusiast.
Avocados taste great, they're healthy- unfortunately, they're messy to prepare. Say goodbye to the hassle and mess with Amco's avocado slicer and pitter. The avocado slicer and pitter easily pits and slices avocados. The nylon loop end removes the pit without damaging the fruit and the wire end slices and scoops the fruit.

• Avocado slicer and pitter easily pits and slices avocados<br>
• Use the nylon loop end to remove pits<br>
• Use the wire end to slice and scoop fruit<br>
• Eliminate the mess; prepare avocadoes without damaging the fruit<br>
• Dishwasher safe for quick and easy clean up<br>