---
  layout: post
  title: OSTRICH PILLOW ORIGINAL Travel Pillow for Airplanes, Car, Neck Support for Flying, Power Nap Head Pillow, Travel Accessories for Women and Men - Color Sleepy Blue
  featured: true
  author: 
  tags: [toys]
  image: '/images/posts/2017_10/71OTdeqoLjL._SL1100_.jpg'
  prdlink: 'https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00B4S6SLW/ref=as_li_qf_sp_asin_il_tl?ie=UTF8&tag=ehdwhqkr-20&camp=1789&creative=9325&linkCode=as2&creativeASIN=B00B4S6SLW&linkId=e52537ca7d42dd8725214bf582a1accc'

---

OSTRICHPILLOW is a revolutionary new product to enable easy power naps anytime, everywhere, OSTRICHPILLOW’S unique design offers a micro environment in which to take a cozy and comfortable power nap at ease. It has been designed to allow you to create a little private space within a public one, to relax and unwind. Its soothing soft interior shelters and isolates your head and hands (mind and body) for a short break, without needing to leave your desk, chair, bench or wherever you may be. The Original OSTRICHPILLOW is delivered in a cardboard gift box with a storage bag included.
<br>


• The napping pillow is filled with microbeads for maximum comfort and lightness. Fabric cover is 95% viscose to guarantee the softest touch. Ergonomic design provides maximum quality sleep. For a power nap at your desk, chair or wherever you may be without moving an inch. Just slip it on and you're off to dreamland.<br>
• An immersive environment for your power naps; anywhere, anytime. Ideal protection for your neck and head while trying to rest out home. Snooze at ease anywhere thanks to its comfortable texture and qualitative finish.<br>
• The travel head pillow has an opening on the front side allowing you to breathe through your nose and mouth easily. It is designed to fit a maximum head perimeter of 70 cm (27.6 in).<br>
• OSTRICH PILLOW is a cozy pillow which has totally revolutionized napping on the go. A lot of love and attention is given every step of the way to produce the perfect napping companion.<br>
• 30 DAY MONEY BACK GUARANTEE - We want you to be fully satisfied with every item that you purchase from OSTRICHPILLOW. If you are not satisfied with an item that you have purchased, you may return the item within 30 days from the order date for a full refund of the purchase price.<br>