---
  layout: post
  title: que Bottle | Designed for TRAVEL and OUTDOOR. Collapsible Water Bottle - Food-Grade Silicone / BPA Free / Lightweight / Eco-Friendly - 12oz 
  featured: true
  author: 
  tags: [sports, outdoors]
  image: '/images/posts/2017_10/71kXJ84EWKL._SL1500_.jpg'
  prdlink: 'https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01NC388BD/ref=as_li_qf_sp_asin_il_tl?ie=UTF8&tag=ehdwhqkr-20&camp=1789&creative=9325&linkCode=as2&creativeASIN=B01NC388BD&linkId=db6653938e88f433d7de5ca5c943ef34'

---

que Bottles are the only collapsible water bottles that are functional and fashionable. Its unique spiral design compresses bottles into half size without compromising the good looks. que Bottles can easily fit into virtually any bags, making them perfect for traveling, outdoors and everyday life. 
<br>

STYLE: The unique spiral design creates a stunning look sure to grab attention and start a conversation .Easy to collapse and comes in six fashionable colors. Best of all it's reusable!<br>

SAFE: 100% FDA & LFGB approved food-grade silicone and 100% plastic-free making it safe as well as taste and odor free! Safe for both cold and hot beverages, safe for hot liquids up to 450째F (230째C). No burning, no melting. But we do not recommend using it for liquid temperatures higher than 140째F (60째C) to avoid burning your hand while holding it.<br>

DURABLE: The cap is made from 100% premium kitchen-grade 18/8 stainless steel. que Bottle is leakproof and shockproof which makes it great for all types of activities and sports. Use your que Bottle for the Gym, Beach, Outdoors, Festivals, Travel,Hiking, Running or Transit. The possibilities are endless!<br>

FUNCTIONAL: que Bottle is dishwasher safe for easy cleaning and is designed with a wide mouth opening to allow for ice cubes if you need a colder drink.<br>

TRAVEL: Lightweight & compact, fully collapsed the 12oz bottle stands only 4.0 inches tall and when expanded only 6.8 inches tall. When empty the bottle only weighs 5oz. que Bottle comes in a 20 oz bottle as well!<br>