---
  layout: post
  title: Tribord Easybreath Full Face Snorkeling Mask
  featured: true
  author: 
  tags: [sports, outdoors]
  image: '/images/posts/2017_10/Seaview-180-5.jpg'
  prdlink: 'https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01M5BUMSH/ref=as_li_qf_sp_asin_il_tl?ie=UTF8&tag=ehdwhqkr-20&camp=1789&creative=9325&linkCode=as2&creativeASIN=B01M5BUMSH&linkId=cb0ce1574abab7180184b8076fd29ac4'

---

An innovative snorkelling mask (surface snorkelling) enabling you to SEE and BREATHE UNDERWATER just like on DRY LAND! Discovery of the underwater world becomes even more accessible. See and breathe underwater as easily as you would on land The main obstacle to snorkelling is the difficulty in breathing underwater with a snorkel. Indeed, breathing through your mouth is unnatural, and the snorkel mouthpiece is sometimes considered too intrusive, uncomfortable and unhygienic. That's why Tribord invented the Easybreath, the first full-face snorkelling mask, for breathing underwater as easily and naturally as you would on land with your nose and mouth. Thanks to its large size, this innovative mask also offers users an unobstructed 180° field of vision, and is prevented from fogging up by a double air-flow system that is identical to the system used in domestic extraction fans. To ensure that water does not enter via the snorkel, the Easybreath mask is equipped with a mechanism that plugs the top of the snorkel when immersed in water. Furthermore, the top of the snorkel is highly visible in order to avoid any collisions on the surface. RESTRICTED USE : Not suitable for free diving or intensive swimming. STOCK ADVICE: Wash the mask by hand with washing-up liquid, dry it and store the mask in its net to let the air get to it. Do not wash in the dishwasher. SIZE: With your mouth closed, measure the distance between the bridge of your nose and the bottom of your chin: If it measures less than 10 cm (3,9"), choose size XS If it measures less than 12 cm (4 3/4"), choose size S/M If it measures more than 12 cm (4 3/4"), choose size ML If it measures more than 13 cm (5 1/8"), choose size L/XL


• 180 degree field of vision and shatterproof polycarbonate window for added safety.<br>
• Full mask for natural breathing through the nose and/or mouth.<br>
• Snorkel top can be seen from 4 times further away than a traditional Snorkel.<br>
• WATERPROOF The “Dry Top” snorkel system limits water entry through the top of the snorkel.<br>
• WATER DRAINAGE Purge valve at the bottom of the mask to drain water when the head is raised.<br>