---
  layout: post
  title: GreenLighting Solar Phone Charger - 2000mAh Window Cling Power Bank
  featured: true
  author: 
  tags: [accessories, phones]
  image: '/images/posts/2017_10/71QLBO8y6iL._SL1200_.jpg'
  prdlink: 'https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0189MLWZ2/ref=as_li_qf_sp_asin_il_tl?ie=UTF8&tag=ehdwhqkr-20&camp=1789&creative=9325&linkCode=as2&creativeASIN=B0189MLWZ2&linkId=db9ddc11213519b2073c58e6c66d65b1'

---

Reliable Backup Power Supply

Head out in confidence knowing you can charge your electronics no matter where life takes you. The unique design of the GreenLighting Power Bank provides you with a backup power supply for your electronics giving you the option to explore the great outdoors while staying connected. A 2000mAh internal Lithium Ion battery will provide your device of choice with a boost up to 40% power via the included USB cable. The 4-in-1 USB charging cable features a micro, mini, 30 pin, and 8 pin connector compatible with the latest iPhone, iPad, or Android device.<br>
 
Decorative lighting cycles through 6 colors while you charge your device for a beautiful visual effect. Quickly clip your charger onto a backpack so you can recharge while out on the trail. Four rear-mounted LED lights inform you of the current battery state giving you peace of mind that you have a reliable backup power source.
<br>

• SOLAR ENERGY - The 4.5 volt, 0.4 watt solar panel will absorb energy from sunlight to recharge the internal 2000mAh Lithium-Ion battery. The convenient suction cup allows you to stick your charger to a window so even while you're indoors you can recharge your battery. Note: the charger must be fully charged prior to use.<br>
• QUICK CHARGE - Have you ever been traveling or taking a hike to find out your phone is about to die? Now you can stay prepared no matter what the situation. When fully charged the Portable Phone Solar Charger can recharge your phone up to 40% so you can rest easy knowing you can access your GPS or make a call when needed. If you're looking to quickly recharge your internal battery just plug in the attached USB cable to your computer and the 2000mAh battery will be fully charged within 4 hours.<br>
• LIGHT IT UP - A color changing LED cycles through 6 colors illuminating the rim of the assembly while in use. Four blue LED's are located on the back and will indicate the current charge of the internal battery when needed so you can always make sure you're ready to go while a green LED illuminates while internal battery is being charged.<br>
• INCLUDED - Each Window Mounted Solar Rechargeable Power Bank includes all the accessories you could possibly require. A handy 4-in-1 charging cable includes a micro, mini, 30 pin, and 8 pin connector that's compatible with your iPhone, iPad, or Android device so no matter what you have you're covered.<br>
• PRODUCT DIMENSIONS - Measures 4.5" x 1.5"<br>